Next was 
entering the mine, where they discovered the mine was now a tomb. They fought 
the monster in the water and were trapped in the mine (probably a compel). Then
the party discovered Balin's tomb, where Pippin was compelled to play with the 
skeleton and awaken the goblin armies.

## Give your players hints

Now, some game masters in other games might add secret doors and passages to a
dungeon and just wait and see if the players discover it without any prompting. 
But what fun is it if the players never find the secret door? Instead of waiting 
to see if the players discover something or not, give them hints to point at it.

To continue the example of a secret door, you could have the PCs reach a dead 
end shortly after entering a dungeon known for a labrynth of long passages. Or 
you could have the enemy retreat into a room and disappear from it before the 
PCs manage to round the corner. Let your players find things that are hidden, 
just make them pay for it in someway or another if a fail a roll to discover it.

## Use easily compellable scene aspects

## Provide meaningful loot

## Make traps a scene of their own, or a cost
A great example of traps can be found in [Masters of Umdaar](), a Fate World by
Dave Joria. A custom mechanic is used called a cliffhanger. It works a lot like 
a contest, but it is against set difficulties depending on which 
skills/approaches you choose to use to overcome the trap.

This works great for traps, because it creates a full scene to try and stop the 
trap from doing whatever foul thing it was designed to do. You can compel your 
players into activating the trap, or you can activate a trap as a *Success at a
Cost*. 

A couple notes about traps: Don't make the end result be death unless you have 
some *Success at a Cost* result that keeps them from actually being killed. I 
had a stone golem guardian who threatened to flatten the party if they answered
a riddle incorrectly once. They ended up getting the riddle on the first try, so
I didn't have to deal with the outcome, but if you do something like that, make
sure there is some way around it. Maybe the dungeon is very old, and the floor 
gives way when the golem steps forward to flatten you. This would send the PCs 
on a different route, maybe through the dangerous sewers under the dungeon.
