---
layout: post
title:  "Project Update: Storygen"
date:   2016-05-27 
categories: 
tags: 
- web
- update
- storygen
---
[<img src="{{site.baseurl}}/images/storygen.png" style="float:right; width:300px;border: 1px solid #999;margin:5px;" />](/rpg/storygen) So I 
wanted to talk about the [random story generator](/rpg/storygen) that I have on this 
site. If you are interested in seeing the code or improving it, check it out on 
[GitHub]().<!--more-->

## Inspiration
This project is meant to be something like an online version of 
[Rory's Story Cubes](https://www.storycubes.com/). The story cubes are dice that are used
to generate random stories. Each face has a picture on it that can be interpretted 
however it makes sense to. Game masters sometimes use them to create stories or details
on the fly. 

Since I am generally pretty cheap, and I use a laptop as my GM screen anyway, I thought I
would make an online version so that anyone can use it for their RPG sessions, creative 
writing, and what ever else you can think of. All of the images used were made by the 
awesome people at [game-icons.net](http://game-icons.net/).

## Usage
There really isn't much more to this program other than clicking the "New Story" button 
and clicking on individual images to "re-roll" that image. You can also change the amount 
images by clicking the plus/minus buttons or by typing in a number and pressing Enter. I 
did put a limit on the amount of pictures available, because my server can't handle 
reloading 300 pictures everytime some one needs a new scene.

Interpretting the images can be done however you like, but my suggestion is that you are 
loose with the meanings. If an image is a dragon, and you are running a game in a 
cyberpunk setting, it could just signify something large and threatening. Or you could 
click on the image until you get something more setting appropriate.

## Future Plans
The main thing I plan on adding to this program is the ability to rearrange the icons. 
This will allow for easy manipulation of the images so that they can be arranged in a 
coherent story line. 
